Mr. Cheng is terrible
What's the matter, Mr. Cheng?
Look, we just updated it a few days ago.
This IQ also has a new IQ show function.
It's exactly the same as ours.
What should I do if I withdraw?
This is blatant plagiarism
This Liu Yaoyang is only so capable
Should we sue him?
This era
Intellectual property protection law is not perfect
As long as the underlying data is different
There should be no plagiarism at all.
It seems
We must develop a non-Q game hall as soon as possible
The amount of data in the game lobby is very large
It can't be done in a while.
Then buy a game developed by another company
Integrate first
What to buy
Remember the problem now is buying time
What can be bought with money
It's not a problem.
Isn't that the power of money?
This time, this Liu Yaoyang will be completely powerless to resist
Brother Liu, I'm not talking nonsense to you.